[Music]
this is no ordinary training this is the
legendary Orient Express witness to many
strange adventures and foreign intrigues
from Istanbul to Calais
this is no ordinary passenger mr. Poirot
is a detective this is the world's most
celebrated crime fighter you take a
professional interesting clang Agatha
Christie's brilliant Belgian detective a
Belgian French Albert Finney is
detective Hercule Poirot this is no
ordinary mystery that's nothing
this is agatha christie's most perfect
crime murder the Orient Express
[Music]
his cast of suspicious characters ever
involved in murder the murderer with us
you can identify the murderer Lauren
Bacall I mean nothing of a kind I mean
there was a man in my compartment last
night Monsieur Martin balsam she did it
Ingrid Bergman Jacqueline Bisset
Jean Pierre Cassell miss you f tulip
level Sean Connery original Beddoes John
Gielgud mr. Beddoes wendy hiller Anthony
Perkins seems like um kind of
incriminating myself Vanessa Redgrave
not when it's solo but when it's behind
us
Rachel Roberts I Richard Widmark to show
you this Michael York
he did it the who's who in the whodunit
[Music]
murder on the Orient Express